the Denver Broncos this is gonna be be
ours free pick and I'm gonna set the
table up for you VR Denver they did
exactly what we thought they'd do last
week they came out like a house on fire
did that bad taste out of their mouth
from the Super Bowl loss took it to
Indianapolis or we looked like they were
gonna run them out of the building not
so fast
you know guys that follow you and I know
we do Gill Alexander's mega NFL mega pod
every week and boy we gave them that
game and every which directed up low Joe
fort buses take you know intake the
Broncos in the first half because they'd
be pumped up with that then the back
door swings open whenever Andrew Luck's
in the house I'm in there on my teaser
hooking it was sensing in Pittsburgh so
we we did good job there but that
backdoor with Denver we still have seen
that the Denver defense is not there yet
no that's the Achilles heel this team
did I mention I went to a no last week
okay just so you know that's all that
we're here to give out the strongest
plays we have up to this day gave out a
premium play in college I'm gonna give
out a premium play here as well I love
Casey and for me it's as simple as this
I mean I could talk about the advanced
metrics and trends and stats and all
that good stuff that makes me look
smarter than I truly am cuz I'm really
not that bright but I there's one thing
I surround myself by with smart people
and don't need to be the smartest guy in
the room so you learn things from people
and one thing I learned from you is
you're never as good as you look or as
bad as you look you know so the 20
pounds will come off it's simple so like
I said I don't want to try to look
smarter than I am for me it's this
simple if you wanted to bet this game
last week you could have and you know
what you would have got Denver -7 that's
what the Kanter line was for this game
Denver - seven you know what it was
Monday morning Denver - thirteen and a
half six and a half
points it's probably going the 14 so
we're looking at a touchdown adjustment
because Kansas City lost the Tennessee
so either the oddsmakers that we have
right now or by far the worst of all
time to get a team 7 points off in one
week without their quarterback going
down since we know that besides the
quarterback maybe a handful of players
are worth even a point so I get it Casey
has lost two defensive starters but
unless those guys are worth three three
and a half points each which I doubt
then this is aligned based on nothing
more than an overreaction and it's all
perception baby okay we got to take the
expresso out of these Oh get me out of
the green room cuz VR is a little too
high or too wired up so we got to reel
him in but I tell you I gotta agree with
you with the situation it is an
overreaction to what we saw last week
the line is inflated too much and I'm
gonna tell you you know I'm a
situational guy that's what I was gonna
say you want to talk about it let's get
the sandwich out give it to me the
sandwich here you got Kansas City last
week or excuse me Denver last week
Peyton Manning you wanted to get the
taste out of his mouth from the Super
Bowl that's one two he got to get
revenge against Indianapolis Andrew Luck
the the guy that basically pushed him
out of Indianapolis got the beat his
former team exactly Night Football
completing the cycle of now having
beaten every team in the NFL and did you
happen to peek at the schedule yeah
who's up next
who's up next let me think Seattle they
play next
do they have any yeah they may be
looking a little bit a heavy thing that
was original opponent where's Casey that
lost the Tennessee listen real quickly
Alex Smith threw three interceptions
last week he's a game manager that's not
something you're gonna get from him week
in and week out let's get that out of
the way first terrible game Jamaal
Charles rushed for only 19 cuz they fell
behind that's not gonna happen this time
Andy Reed is not going to get into a
shootout with Denver he is gonna run run
run Jamaal Charles all day at that
defense and Alex Smith is gonna do just
enough to stay within the
the back doors open you want to sprinkle
a little something something real quick
since we we have a minute since this
game is easy and we could just toss it
away bitch grab the double digits but
I'm going to teach it this is a little
love thing I'm going to teach people
right now okay you could do the nicest
things for people by but yeah I'm a
generous guy
you're very generous to we tip well we
take care of the people we love and
we're not shy to throw money around
okay so I've done a lot of nice things I
just recently went to the Bahamas and
and was talked into getting a handbag
because it's not taxes down there so
somehow I got talked into that made
sense at the time but anyway I come
downstairs and April has this beautiful
breakfast laid out and everything you
could ask for I'm like either she robbed
the buffet or what's going on she's
gonna ask for something no it was
because I filled the gas tank the day
before and it's something I always do if
I'm ever gonna take her car or any
females car you fill the gas tank and
it's something that's simple so it's not
like the Gucci bags and all the dinners
and all that something as simple as
filling your girl's gas tank gets the
job done every time there you go but in
case it okay so sprinkling money lying
in cash and winning tickets that gets
the Gucci bags oh yeah okay all right
I'll give you one last stat for you to
back your Kansas City play the last 21
times the Kansas City Chiefs have been a
dog of ten or more they're 16 and five
again yeah so alright that's Vegas
runners play he says to take Kansas City
plus the points it's at 13 and a half
you think it will get to 14 by Sunday
yeah you won't even need them you go
ahead and wait more than six or seven of
them my man is confident today all right
that's that one will be back we're gonna
take a look at another NFL game
you